Call out lack of support for v9.3 and before. (#7751)
mattermost/docs: source/about/desktop-app-changelog.md

### Known Issues

> - Users with servers running Mattermost versions 9.3 and before are not supported by this upgrade.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Users with servers running Mattermost v9.3 and earlier versions are not supported by this upgrade. Mattermost v9.4 or later is required.
```
